welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Bachelorette week ten we're going off to
Greece for a fantasy suite week that
means Hanna gets to be with the guys
unsupervised no cameras they could
finally have some fun
gotta get down first up is pilot Peter
they go on an amazing date on this sweet
sailboat he and Hannah spend the whole
time making out and he finally drops the
l-bomb honor he's maybe my favorite
right now he's just like a really normal
nice cool dude it's hard to judge where
Peter stands and Hannah's personal
rankings he's kind of used his pilot
skills to fly under the radar honestly
being just like a nice normal dude could
for him to victory especially after a
night in the fantasy suite these two get
it on we came together like it's so much
last night uh okay yeah maybe your
rising to the top of the list next up is
Tyler a lot of people's favorites and I
mean he's pretty hot their date is
getting massages and Tyler pulls a pro
move secretly sneaks the masseuses out
of there and takes over in himself he's
hot and steamy and it talks about how
she's obviously like super physically
attracted to him
unfortunately that turns out to be a bad
thing for Tyler she's like hey I'm so
turned on by you already I don't want to
have sex in the fantasy suite we need to
take the time to bond emotionally either
place it so cool he's like yeah baby
sounds good to me we'll take it slow but
yeah I mean kind of a bummer
the next morning though Hannah feels
really good about their relationship
Tyler could definitely win this thing
next up is Jed who has been Hanna's
favorite they have a great day doing
some Greek dancing but things get
awkward when the Greeks ask them if
they're truly in love and ready to get
married
Hanna's like yo the show doesn't work
that way I've gotta wait till the last
episode to decide but Jed's a little
concerned last week at the rose ceremony
the final choice was between Jed and
Luke P Jed confronts Hanna about it he's
like look we're falling in love but you
really couldn't choose between me and
Luca P last week he's the worst
but Hanna's just like hey I mean you and
I have something special but Luke and I
have something special too the talk
spills into the evening and they end up
kind of having a fight about it but in
the end they work it out Hanna
appreciates that Jed shared his feelings
with her and they go to the fantasy
suite I thought their fight might knock
Jed out of first place but Hanna seems
really into him still I'm more sure
mr. kidnoh and last but certainly not
least it's Luke P they go on a
helicopter ride to that island with the
pretty blue roofs and I'll tell you what
they have a really good day together I
don't know what his charge is teaching
him but that boy can kiss Luke's on his
best behavior he seems like actually a
normal good cool guy you know maybe he's
not that bad we've been too hard on him
this whole time I mean all the guys did
gang up on him because he took such an
early lead and the show you know they
use the editing to frame him in the
worst possible light so yeah maybe he's
a great guy oh no here it comes so far
effects he's like hey my religious
beliefs ex should be saved for marriage
of course that's his whole back story
about how he's had sex with thousands of
girls but apparently he's been
abstaining for like three years
Hannah's a nice religious girl too but
you know she's not saving herself for
marriage that's no one does that anymore
and this could have been a non-issue if
Luke P wasn't so awful about it if you
told me you're having sex or you had sex
with one or multiple of these guys I'd
be wanting to go home he tries to
backtrack from that but he still keeps
phrasing it like oh if you slipped up
and made a mistake like I would forgive
you so she's like hold up it's my potty
I do what I want and I don't need your
permission or forgiveness for anything
and is so mad that it's finally
happening she kicks him out right then
and there she drops the windmill bomb on
him
yeah kill you get it and Luke P is out
of there or is he in the next time on
previews he might be coming back tune in
next week to find out how the Luke P
saga comes to an end
man have recaps out
[Music]